Scrawny Iron Tiger

High

# Locked Ether Accumulation in Vault After Withdrawal Process

## Summary
In the provided contract, there is an issue with locked Ether accumulating in the vault after users withdraw their funds. This happens because fractional amounts of Ether resulting from the calculation involving fixedBearerToken[msg.sender], vaultEndedFixedDepositsFunds, and fixedLidoSharesTotalSupply() are effectively being locked and cannot be withdrawn by the users. Over time, this will accumulate in the vault, and if multiple vaults are created, the amount of Ether locked in the system could grow substantially.

## Vulnerability Detail
sendAmount = fixedBearerToken[msg.sender].mulDiv(
    vaultEndedFixedDepositsFunds,
    fixedLidoSharesTotalSupply()
);

Each user can withdraw only the integer part of this calculation, and the remainder is effectively lost and accumulated in the vault. Over time, as more users withdraw and as more vaults are created, these small locked amounts can accumulate into significant values of Ether that are permanently locked.

## Impact
Loss of Funds: Users may lose fractional amounts of Ether on each withdrawal, leading to a cumulative loss of Ether in the vault.
Locked Ether: Over time, the vault will accumulate non-negligible amounts of Ether, which will be locked and inaccessible to users.
System Inefficiency: Ether that is locked in the vault cannot be used or withdrawn, reducing the efficiency of the system.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/main/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L748-L751

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider to make function to move rest ethers to lido.
You can use selfdestruct function. 
At the end of vault scenario, owner of vault can call selfdestruct(address(lido)) and system can collect rest ethers.
