Bald Tawny Cottonmouth

High

# Fixed side users ETH token balances are not deducted when vault is ongoing & ended.

### Summary

The fixed-side user can withdraw their deposited ETH amount via the `withdraw` function. However, when the vault is ongoing, they receive an amount deducted by the `earlyExitFees`, but they could receive the principal amount + upfront amount if they withdraw after the vault has ended.

The problem is that, in both scenarios, the fixed user's deposited ETH and total ETH deposit balances are not deducted during withdrawal.

### Root Cause

During withdrawal, whether the vault is ongoing or ended, the ETH balances are not deducted.
During finalize withdrawal txn the ETH balances are not also deducted.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

In both scenarios, the ETH balance should be deducted.

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

The fixed users' ETH deposit balance and the protocol's total ETH balance will always include amounts that no longer exist in the system.
1 - Other fixed-side users would not be able to deposit as much as they should due to:
```solidity
require(amount <= fixedSideCapacity - fixedETHDepositTokenTotalSupply, "OED");
      // do not allow remaining capacity to be less than minimum fixed deposit bps
      uint256 remainingCapacity = fixedSideCapacity - fixedETHDepositTokenTotalSupply - amount;
      require(remainingCapacity == 0 || remainingCapacity >= minimumFixedDeposit, "RC");
```
2 - The vault might unfairly start , since their deposit will count towards reaching the fixed capacity
```solidity
if (
      fixedETHDepositTokenTotalSupply == fixedSideCapacity &&
      variableBearerTokenTotalSupply == variableSideCapacity
    ) 
 ```

3 - The internal accounting logic will be break.
   
### PoC

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/main/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L472C1-L513C8

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/main/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L732C5-L762C6

### Mitigation

Consider deducting the ETH balances in both scenarios.

Add following in both cases: 

```diff
+      fixedETHDepositTokenTotalSupply -= fixedETHDepositToken[msg.sender];
+      fixedETHDepositToken[msg.sender] = 0;
```