Brisk Dijon Moth

High

# There is a calculation error when accounting the totalEarnings of the variable side

## Summary
When accounting for the withdrawn earnings which are a part of the total earnings the wrong rate is used which will result in calculating more earnings than there actually are.
## Vulnerability Detail
When a user withdraws during the vault(isStarted==true and isEnded==false), the following code is executed:
1)Which basically gets the fixedETHOnStartCapacity and then makes a snapshot of the current balance of stEth. 
```solidity
 if (variableToVaultOngoingWithdrawalRequestIds[msg.sender].length == 0) {
          uint256 lidoStETHBalance = stakingBalance();
          uint256 fixedETHDeposits = fixedSidestETHOnStartCapacity;
```
2) Then the current shares of the contract are taken:
```solidity
uint256 currentStakes = stakingShares();
```
3)In the calculateVariableWithdrawState for the total earnings slot the following is passed:
```solidity
   (uint256 currentState, uint256 ethAmountOwed) = calculateVariableWithdrawState(
            (lidoStETHBalance.mulDiv(currentStakes + withdrawnStakingEarningsInStakes, currentStakes) - fixedETHDeposits),
            variableToWithdrawnStakingEarningsInShares[msg.sender].mulDiv(lidoStETHBalance, currentStakes)
          );
```
Here the currentStakes + withdrawnStakingEarningsInStakes are multiplied by the current rate(lidoStETHBalance/currentStakes) to find the total earnings in stEth.
4)After the `ethAmountOwed` is calculated, the following is exectuted:
```solidity
uint256 stakesAmountOwed = lido.getSharesByPooledEth(ethAmountOwed);
```
```solidity
 withdrawnStakingEarningsInStakes += stakesAmountOwed;
```
Here the amount that is withdrawn from the user is converted to shares that will be withdrawn from the protocol 
5)Then the withdraw is requested:
```solidity
variableToVaultOngoingWithdrawalRequestIds[msg.sender] =
                                requestWithdrawViaETH(msg.sender, ethAmountOwed);
```
Here `requestWithdrawals` will be called by lido which will send the amount of ETH to the contract and will reduce the shares.

However there is a repeated calculation error that will result in protocol assuming there are more (or in rare cases less) earnings than there actually are.
As we know, the way lido operates is by dynamic calculation of the balance of stEth which is directly connected to the shares that the contract has from the whole lido protocol. For simplicity, in this reported the the ratio - ethBalance/shares(from lido balance of function: https://docs.lido.fi/contracts/lido#balanceof) will be referred to as "rate".

In point 3 (above) we see that for the withdrawn amount of shares, is converted to ETH based on the following rate: lidoStETHBalance/currentStakes.
However this rate as we know from the Lido protocol is dynamic, meaning that when we made a withdraw a week ago(this is an example period), the rate was lower(or in rare cases higher) than it is now. When we requested the withdraw a week ago, lido reduces the contract's shares and sent us ETH based on the rate from this time(the reduction of the total shares will also result in less profit for users of the variable side). Calculating the total earned amount based on the current rate will result in insolvency, as the protocol will assume there is more profit than there actually is.
This calculation based on the wrong rate can be also seen here:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/38dd9c8436db341c331f1b14545770c1766fc0ee/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L775
## Impact
Insolvency as total earned will not be enough to satisfy all withdraws by variable side users - High
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/38dd9c8436db341c331f1b14545770c1766fc0ee/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L526C8-L529C13
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/38dd9c8436db341c331f1b14545770c1766fc0ee/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L775
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
In order to track the total earned amount the withdrawn earnings should be calculated based on the rate of the withdraw, not by the current rate