Crazy Ocean Nightingale

Medium

# Lido slashing will cause losses to users withdrawing that were frontrunned by it due to missing slippage check

### Summary

Users withdraw via [LidoVault::withdraw()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/main/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L423), which for example in the case of fixed users will mean a loss if a Lido slashing event frontruns it. Users will submit their withdraw in the frontend but receive a much smaller amount due to having been frontrunned, effectively not having control on the amount they receive.

This happens because fixed users withdraw according to `lidoStETHBalance` whenever it is smaller than the initial deposit amount, so when a slashing happens and frontruns them, they will withdraw less eth for themselves and there is nothing they can do.

### Root Cause

In `LidoVault.sol:423`, a slippage check is missing to get the minimum stEth ETH / shares ratio they accept.

### Internal pre-conditions

None.

### External pre-conditions

Lido slash, which is in scope as per the readme.
> The Lido Liquid Staking protocol can experience slashing incidents (such as this https://blog.lido.fi/post-mortem-launchnodes-slashing-incident/). These incidents will decrease income from deposits to the Lido Liquid Staking protocol and could decrease the stETH balance. The contract must be operational after it

### Attack Path

1. User calls `LidoVault::withdraw()
2. Lido slashing frontruns the user call
3. User gets less ETH than supposed

### Impact

The user suffers a loss outside of his control.

### PoC

In `LidoVault::withdraw()`, if there is a slashing, the user will get less than the initial deposit.
```solidity
uint256 fixedETHDeposits = fixedSidestETHOnStartCapacity;
uint256 withdrawAmount =
    fixedETHDeposits.mulDiv(fixedBearerToken[msg.sender], fixedLidoSharesTotalSupply());
uint256 lidoStETHBalance = stakingBalance();

if (fixedETHDeposits > lidoStETHBalance) {
    // our staking balance if less than our  stETH deposits at the start of the vault - only return a proportional amount of the balance to the fixed user
    withdrawAmount = lidoStETHBalance.mulDiv(fixedBearerToken[msg.sender], fixedLidoSharesTotalSupply());
}
```

### Mitigation

Provide a minimum stEth ETH / shares ratio that is enforced in case of a slashing, so the user is never frontrun and takes an unexpected loss.