Acrobatic Charcoal Turkey

Medium

# Variable users will be penalized when withdrawing their compensation from a fixed user premature withdrawal before Vault end.

### Summary

The README states the following:

> Users from the variable side receive this earlyExitFee as compensation for a reduced rate of income due to the diminished capital deployed to the underlying asset, in this case, Lido Liquid Staking protocol.

The described compensation is in the form of ETH that is sitting in the contract and is not accruing any yield, and as such, should be allowed to withdraw at any time.

Unfortunately, the only option to withdraw this accrued compensation is via `withdraw()`, which is not penalized when the Vault has ended. However, if the Vault is still active, calling `withdraw()` will also trigger the withdrawal of income from the rebased stETH.

This is problematic because early stETH income withdrawal is penalized in Saffron Lido Vaults, due to how Vaults work.

This penalization is described here:

> This withdrawal decreases the vault's daily income, reducing the income for all remaining users. To address this, we ensured that variable users receive the same amount at the end of the Saffron Lido Vault, regardless of whether anyone withdraws before the end. This was achieved by using ‘stakes’ in our calculations for variable users' income.

Therefore, every early withdrawal by variable users before the end will require them to compensate the missing APR for other users from their future income, leading to a lower than expected APR.

### Root Cause

The only place where users can claim their compensation from `earlyExitFee` is via `withdraw()`, which will also trigger income redemption if the Vault has not yet ended:  
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/main/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L559-L566

There is no separate function for compensation claiming.

### Internal pre-conditions

* The fixed side user exited prematurely and paid the `earlyExitFee` compensation.
* The Vault has started but not yet ended.

### External pre-conditions

None.

### Attack Path

1. There is an `earlyExitFee` compensation waiting for the user in the system. The UI should showcase this.
2. Unaware users call `withdraw()` to claim this compensation.
3. The user prematurely withdraws their variable income, significantly reducing their future APR.

### Impact

* Unintended loss of funds and APR for all users.
* Protocol invariant contradiction.

### PoC

Not needed.

### Mitigation

Consider introducing a way to claim compensation without penalization if the Vault has not ended.