Dapper Ginger Cyborg

Medium

# Any malicious user can easily DoS last depositor

### Summary

A malicious actor can front-run a legitimate user’s deposit and withdraw their own funds, causing the remaining vault capacity after the legimate user's to drop below the `minimumFixedDeposit` threshold, causing the transaction to revert.

### Root Cause

In the `LidoVault.sol` contract, users can [deposit](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/main/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L336-L364) since they don't reach the `fixedSideCapacity`. But there is minimum `minimumFixedDeposit` that a user can deposit. 

⚠️ Note that we are here talking about the `fixed` side deposit, but it also works with the `variable` side.

To make sure we are not blocked between `0` and `minimumFixedDeposit` for the last deposit (making anyone unable to deposit due to `minimumFixedDeposit`), and because we have to exactly reach the `fixedSideCapacity` to start the vault, the function check for each deposit that the remaining deposit is `= 0` or `>= minimumFixedDeposit`.

```solidity
      require(remainingCapacity == 0 || remainingCapacity >= minimumFixedDeposit, "RC");
```

But we have an issue in the case where a malicious user has already deposit, and want the protocol to get some trouble.
In fact, the malicious user can front run any user that want to do the last deposit and withdraw his deposit. Then, the initial user deposit transaction is rejected if the `remainingCapacity` is too low.

The attacker can make some deposit to make the contract state as `remainingCapacity < 2 * minimumFixedDeposit`

In this case the attacker can do the same attack by sandwich all new deposit with:
- a transaction before to withdraw
- a transaction after to deposit again

In this case, the attacker can do so as much time as he wants, making all users transaction to revert and make them loss transaction gas.

> Why the case where `remainingCapacity < 2 * minimumFixedDeposit` make this possible ?

In this case, the user has no choice to deposit the `remainingCapacity`. If he does not, and because his minimum deposit is `minimumFixedDeposit`, this line will revert:

```solidity
      require(remainingCapacity == 0 || remainingCapacity >= minimumFixedDeposit, "RC");
```

And so, in this case, the attacker can withdraw his `minimumFixedDeposit` making transaction to revert in any case.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

- The attacker must have already deposited some ETH into the vault, contributing to the total deposit amount on the fixed side.
- The vault's remaining capacity must be less than 2 times the minimumFixedDeposit.
- A legitimate user must attempt to make a final deposit that would close the remaining capacity of the vault.

### Attack Path

1. The attacker deposits ETH into the fixed side of the vault, adding to the total capacity.
2. A legitimate user attempts to deposit an amount that, without interference, would bring the vault to full capacity.
3. The attacker front-runs the legitimate user’s transaction and withdraws a portion of their ETH, reducing the vault’s remaining capacity.
4. This reduction causes the legitimate user’s deposit to fail because the remaining capacity is now less than the required minimumFixedDeposit.
5. After the legitimate user’s transaction fails, the attacker can re-deposit their ETH to retain their position, potentially repeating this process to disrupt other users.

### Impact

The users will not be able to start the vault, and some users will lose gas.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

The vault should start when `remainingCapacity < minimumFixedDeposit`. Same for the variable side.
