Rural Fuchsia Starfish

Medium

# Variable Side Withdrawal Slippage

### Summary

A variable side depositor's attempt to withdraw early from a pre-`isStarted()` vault can achieve different outcomes than intended due to nondeterministic transaction ordering.

### Root Cause

When the `LidoVault` is `!isStarted()`, a variable side depositor mints `variableBearerToken` [directly proportional](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/38dd9c8436db341c331f1b14545770c1766fc0ee/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L365C7-L378C6) to the `msg.value`:

```solidity
// no refunds allowed
require(amount <= variableSideCapacity - variableBearerTokenTotalSupply, "OED");
uint256 remainingCapacity = variableSideCapacity - variableBearerTokenTotalSupply - amount;
require(remainingCapacity == 0 || remainingCapacity >= minimumDepositAmount, "RC");

// Mint bearer tokens
variableBearerToken[msg.sender] += amount; /// @audit amount is == `msg.value`
variableBearerTokenTotalSupply += amount;
```

A variable side depositor may also withdraw their stake before the vault `isStarted()` with the expectation to [redeem in fixed terms](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/38dd9c8436db341c331f1b14545770c1766fc0ee/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L457C14-L469C8) of the `variableBearerToken`, allowing them to reclaim their entire deposit:

```solidity
uint256 sendAmount = variableBearerToken[msg.sender];
require(sendAmount > 0, "NBT");

variableBearerToken[msg.sender] -= sendAmount; /// @audit can just withdraw instantly with no ramifications
variableBearerTokenTotalSupply -= sendAmount;

(bool sent, ) = msg.sender.call{value: sendAmount}("");
require(sent, "ETF");

emit VariableFundsWithdrawn(sendAmount, msg.sender, false, false);
```

However, in the time period between submitting the transaction and it landing on chain, other users may have deposited enough capital to complete the `isStarted()` transition, yielding [drastically different withdrawal execution semantics](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/38dd9c8436db341c331f1b14545770c1766fc0ee/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L513C14-L556C10) for variable side withdrawal.

This could happen due to transaction ordering through rational block proposers (i.e transaction gas outpricing), or could be explicitly brought about through frontrunning.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. `lidoStETHBalance > fixedETHDeposits + minStETHWithdrawalAmount()`, which can occur through donation or naturally through stETH rebasing.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Victim submits withdrawal request to vault, expecting to be redeemed in fixed terms.
2. Due to frontrunning or unpredictable ordering of transactions due to gas fees, the the victim's transaction lands some time later after the vault `isStarted`.

### Impact

Variable side depositors with an expectation to be redeemed proportionally for their assets on withdrawal may instead be coerced (intentionally or unintentionally) into make a withdrawal from a vault that has started, which has significantly different execution semantics compared to making a pre-`isStarted()` withdraw.

Having known the vault was immediately close to starting, the variable side depositor may have opted not to submit the transaction and bear the reduced payout, especially now that the vault's [strict initialization criteria](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/38dd9c8436db341c331f1b14545770c1766fc0ee/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L380C5-L390C6) have been met and rewards will begin to acrue.

This is a form of transaction slippage that can be prevented through the mitigation.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Avoid slippage by validating the withdrawer's expectation of the vault state:

```diff
// @notice Withdraw from the vault
/// @param side ID of side to withdraw from
+ /// @param vaultIsStarted expected state of the vault
- function withdraw(uint256 side) external {
+ function withdraw(uint256 side, bool vaultIsStarted) external {
    require(side == FIXED || side == VARIABLE, "IS");
+   require(isStarted() == vaultIsStarted, "transaction slippage");
```