Rural Fuchsia Starfish

Medium

# Strict Comparisons Can Be Weaponized

### Summary

Since the `LidoVault` cannot be started until [precise conditions have been met](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/38dd9c8436db341c331f1b14545770c1766fc0ee/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L380C5-L390C6), it is possible for variable side takers to manipulate the `LidoVault` into an excessively long pre-`isStarted()` phase as a means of value extraction.

### Root Cause

There is no economic penalty suffered by variable side stakers for withdrawing early during the withdrawal phase:

```solidity
uint256 sendAmount = variableBearerToken[msg.sender];
require(sendAmount > 0, "NBT");

variableBearerToken[msg.sender] -= sendAmount;
variableBearerTokenTotalSupply -= sendAmount;

(bool sent, ) = msg.sender.call{value: sendAmount}(""); /// @audit Redeems exactly their initial deposit.
require(sent, "ETF");
```

This allows for variable side stakers to withdraw arbitrarily, even if the vault is very close to starting (i.e. one deposit remaining).

Attempts by honest users to fulfill the remaining variable side capacity and start the vault **can therefore be frontrun** with a withdrawal by a malicious variable staker, bringing the vault marginally away from the completion threshold again.

This means the `LidoVault` can be manipulated into not starting for an excessive duration.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Attacker takes up `variableSideCapacity - minimumDepositAmount` of variable side.
2. Attacker sees pending submission of `minimumDepositAmount` (which would start the vault) in the mempool, and frontruns this transaction to withdraw their variable stake.
3. Victim transaction is mined.
4. Attacker replaces `variableSideCapacity - 2 * minimumDepositAmount`. The `LidoVault` is again close to starting.
5. Repeat.

### Impact

1. The vault's pre-`isStarted()` phase can be prolonged to allow stakers extended exposure to stETH rebasing fees on the fixed side.
2. By manipulating the vault into perceived prolonged availability of only the `minimumDepositAmount`, the griefer can increase the quanity of vault shares being held by accounts which have strictly economically lower commitments to the vault.
3. A griefer can squat on variable side capacity at no expense.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Enforce either a penalty or a sufficiently long time delay to pre-`isStarted()` unstakers to avoid abuse.