Pet Porcelain Sheep

Medium

# Fixed side deposits requirementscan lead to DOS and delayed vault start

## Summary

The deposit function for the fixed-side has strict requirements for the final deposit amount, which can lead to DOS or significant delays in starting the vault.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `deposit` function for fixed-side investments assumes that the remaining amount that can be deposited for the exact last deposit `fixedSideCapacity - fixedETHDepositTokenTotalSupply`,  will always be in the interval: `I = {0} U [minimumFixedDeposit, 2*minimumFixedDeposit - 1]`  due to both of these conditions :
```js
require(amount >= minimumFixedDeposit, "MFD");

// And this 

uint256 remainingCapacity = fixedSideCapacity - fixedETHDepositTokenTotalSupply - amount; 
require(remainingCapacity == 0 || remainingCapacity >= minimumFixedDeposit, "RC");
```

This means the the last deposit amount has to be exactly equal to `fixedSideCapacity - fixedETHDepositTokenTotalSupply` so that the condition `remainingCapacity == 0` would be valid or else it is not going to work because `remainingCapacity ` will always be less than `minimumFixedDeposit`.

This assumption creates two main issues:

1. If `minimumDepositAmount` is greater than the `remainingCapacity`, it becomes impossible to make the final deposit to start the vault. This is because the function requires:
   ```js
   require(msg.value >= minimumDepositAmount, "MDA");
   ```

But also needs the final deposit to exactly match the remaining capacity meaning that `remainingCapacity == 0`:
   ```js
require(remainingCapacity == 0 || remainingCapacity >= minimumFixedDeposit, "RC");
   ```

2. The `minimumFixedDeposit` can be a substantial amount, especially for vaults with large capacities. For example, if `fixedSideCapacity` is 2000 ETH and `minimumFixedDepositBps` is 500 bps, the `minimumFixedDeposit` would be 100 ETH. In the worst case, the final required deposit could be as high as (2 * 100 ETH) - 1, which is a very specific and large amount (approximately $600,000 at an ETH price of $3000). The user needs to have this specific amount at the exact right time (last fixed deposit). This can cause significant delays in the starting of a vault.

## Impact

- DOS of the vault start functionality if `minimumDepositAmount` is greater than the `remainingCapacity`.
- Significant delays in starting the vault due to the difficulty in finding a user willing and able to deposit the exact required amount (for the last deposit).
- Discouraged from the waiting time of the start of the vault, users may withdraw their eth, further delaying the process.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/38dd9c8436db341c331f1b14545770c1766fc0ee/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L333-L335
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/38dd9c8436db341c331f1b14545770c1766fc0ee/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L343-L346
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/38dd9c8436db341c331f1b14545770c1766fc0ee/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L381-L384

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

- The condition `require(msg.value >= minimumDepositAmount, "MDA");` is not needed for the fixed deposits and can only be left for the variable deposits. 
- The last deposit should be facilitated and not require more minimum funds. You can lower the `minimumFixedDeposit` when `fixedSideCapacity - fixedETHDepositTokenTotalSupply` < `2 * minimumFixedDeposit`.
- Consider Implementing a maximum time limit for reaching capacity. If the time limit is exceeded, allow the vault to start with the current deposits.


