Keen Lead Squid

High

# FadoBagi - Incorrect Implementation of the Vault Lifecycle Allows for Vault Never Starting

FadoBagi

High 

# Incorrect Implementation of the Vault Lifecycle Allows for Vault Never Starting

## Summary
The `LidoVault` contract requires both `fixedSideCapacity` and `variableSideCapacity` to be fully met before initiating the vault by setting the `startTime` within the `deposit` function. However, there is no mechanism to start the vault if these capacities are not reached, nor is there a way for users to withdraw their funds if the vault remains unstarted. This can result in funds being locked indefinitely.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `deposit` function, the contract checks whether both `fixedETHDepositTokenTotalSupply` equals `fixedSideCapacity` and `variableBearerTokenTotalSupply` equals `variableSideCapacity` to start the vault:

    // Start the vault if we're at capacity
    if (
      fixedETHDepositTokenTotalSupply == fixedSideCapacity &&
      variableBearerTokenTotalSupply == variableSideCapacity
    ) {
      startTime = block.timestamp;
      endTime = block.timestamp + duration;
      fixedSidestETHOnStartCapacity = stakingBalance();
      fixedIntialTokenTotalSupply = fixedClaimTokenTotalSupply;
      emit VaultStarted(block.timestamp, msg.sender);
    }

The vault only starts when both `fixedSideCapacity` and `variableSideCapacity` are fully met. If either capacity is not reached, the vault remains unstarted indefinitely.

There is no timeout after which users can withdraw their funds if the vault does not start. Users are unable to retrieve their deposits if the vault conditions are never satisfied, leading to locked funds.

## Impact
User's funds can remain locked indefinitely if the vault does not start due to unmet fixed or variable capacities.

## Code Snippet
-   **Condition Check Within `deposit` function:**
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/main/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L380-L391

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a fallback mechanism that allows users to withdraw their deposits if the vault does not start within a specified timeframe. Additionally, consider adding a function to start the vault manually or automatically after a certain period, even if full capacities are not met, but certain criteria are, ensuring that users retain access to their funds.