Late Sable Swan

Medium

# Inefficient array item deletion

## Summary
The LidoVault contract contains an issue where entries are deleted from the fixedOngoingWithdrawalUsers array using the delete keyword. This method sets the array element to 0x0 without reducing the array length, leaving "holes" in the array. Over time, this could lead to performance degradation, high gas costs, and inefficient iterations over arrays with empty slots.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the finalizeVaultOngoingFixedWithdrawals() and claimOngoingFixedWithdrawals(), when a user completes a withdrawal, their address is removed from the fixedOngoingWithdrawalUsers array.
Users participate this vault, each being tracked in an array (fixedOngoingWithdrawalUsers). When a user finalizes a withdrawal, their entry in the fixedOngoingWithdrawalUsers array is set to address(0) using delete. However, the array length remains the same. As more users withdraw, the array accumulates address(0) entries.
Each time the contract processes reward distributions or updates users, it has to iterate over a growing array of useless address(0) values, consuming unnecessary gas. As the array grows, this inefficiency compounds, leading to exponentially increasing gas costs. Eventually, out-of-gas errors may occur during contract interactions, causing failed transactions and rendering the contract unusable.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/main/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L599-L603
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/main/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L692-L696

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To fix the issue, replace the element to be deleted with the last element of the array and then reduce the array's length using pop().
```solidity
function finalizeVaultOngoingFixedWithdrawals() external {
    uint256 sendAmount = claimFixedVaultOngoingWithdrawal(msg.sender);
    bool _isEnded = isEnded();
    uint256 arrayLength = fixedOngoingWithdrawalUsers.length;
    for (uint i = 0; i < arrayLength; i++) {
        if (fixedOngoingWithdrawalUsers[i] == msg.sender) {
            fixedOngoingWithdrawalUsers[i] = fixedOngoingWithdrawalUsers[arrayLength - 1];
            fixedOngoingWithdrawalUsers.pop();
            break;
        }
    }
    transferWithdrawnFunds(msg.sender, sendAmount);

    emit FixedFundsWithdrawn(sendAmount, msg.sender, true, _isEnded);
}
```
```solidity
function claimOngoingFixedWithdrawals() internal {
    uint256 arrayLength = fixedOngoingWithdrawalUsers.length;
    while (arrayLength > 0) {
        arrayLength--;
        address fixedUser = fixedOngoingWithdrawalUsers[arrayLength];
        fixedToPendingWithdrawalAmount[fixedUser] = claimFixedVaultOngoingWithdrawal(fixedUser);
        fixedOngoingWithdrawalUsers.pop();
    }
}
```