Passive Denim Yeti

High

# Any multisig end user (or a depositor who is a contract) who deposits on the VARIABLE side will have no ability to withdraw his pending amount and will never be able to recover his funds back

## Summary
The problem stems from using `payable(msg.sender).transfer(amount)` approach in the `withdrawAmountVariablePending` function. That is because `transfer` will always revert for most of the Mutlisig-wallet-type depositors, because the gas it propagates will not be enough for them to perform appropriate logic on their behalf.

**This leads to a permanent blocking of variable user's requested withdrawal funds, because each time `.transfer` will revert. Please note that there's no external trusted entity in the `LidoVault` contract who can help to recover the depositor's funds back in any way.**

In summary, a `mgs.sender` who acts as a VARIABLE-side depositor who requires to process some logic and execute any logical functions in his `fallback` or `receive` Ethereum account hook will never be able to neither cancel an ongoing withdrawal that he has already requested (**thus blocking the whole withdrawal flow forever**) nor withdraw his pending variable funds and complete the ongoing variable withdrawal request of his own.

#### Please consider the private and official discussion with the sponsors that confirms that neither multisig nor contract wallets SHOULD NOT be blocked from acting as any other normal EOA user on the protocol-level *(which confirms the validity of the issue additionally to the other explanations outlined below)*:
> **Me:** Could you please clarify: is using payable(msg.sender).transfer(amount); an intended design decicion to block most of the contract depositors, so that they're unable to withdraw? Are users supposed to be notified about that beforehand, namely that implementing any receive() logic is prohibited for the users on their behalf? *Or is it a potential problem to report?*

---
> **Me:** I apologize for being ambiguous about this one: what I rather meaned to ask is --- why transfer and not call? transfer propagates too little gas for msg.sender contract receivers to be able to handle custom receive ETH logic accordingly.

### For context:

> `transfer()`
> 
> The syntax of the transfer function looks like that:
> 
> `receivingAddress.transfer(amount);`
> The transfer function fails under two conditions:
> 
> The balance of the sending smart contract is not large enough,
> The receiving contract rejects the payment.
> In a failure case, the transfer function reverts.
> 
> If a payment is made, either the `fallback()` or `receive()` function in the receiving contract is triggered. This provides the opportunity for the receiving contract to react upon a payment.
> 
> Transfer forwards 2300 gas to the receiving contract. This is only a very small amount that is sufficient to trigger an event. It is definitely not enough to execute complex code.

---
> **Sponsor replies:** To be honest... yeah, this does seem like a mistake on our part. I'll check with the team to verify; maybe I've forgotten why we did it this way. However, I'm a bit skeptical that this is not mistake.

---
> **Sponsor replies with a confirmation:** We have confirmed that this is indeed a valid issue. I'm new to the Watson platform, so I would appreciate it if you could guide me on any additional steps I need to take in light of this acknowledged error, if necessary. I will respond to the remaining questions tomorrow.

---
**Me:** ... I believe there're no more required actions on your behalf in that sense, I'll just report it on my side as an issue, and it will automatically be submitted when the contest ends.

---
**Sponsor confirms furthermore:** That was not intended, indeed. Thanks for the clarification about multisig wallets!

---

Although other functions in the `LidoVault` contract use the proper `send` reserved function, `withdrawAmountVariablePending()` (and thus `finalizeVaultOngoingVariableWithdrawals`) will always fail to withdraw ETH for contract-type depositors.

Although in some case it would not be considered critical, in this particular situation it is pivotal to support withdrawals for any depositor, because there's no way to change the recipient of the withdrawal available for the depositors.

There's a guarantee for the users to be able to withdraw at any time. However, contract `msg.sender`s and multisig `msg.sender`s withdrawers on the Variable side will lose access to their funds **forever**, because they won't be able to withdraw early nor cancel the early withdraw request either.

## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
  /// @notice withdrawal of funds for Variable side
  function withdrawAmountVariablePending() public {
    uint256 amount = variableToPendingWithdrawalAmount[msg.sender];
    variableToPendingWithdrawalAmount[msg.sender] = 0;
    payable(msg.sender).transfer(amount);
  }
```

The variable side multisig-wallet-type depositors will never be able to receive their pending variable premium ETH amount nor to cancel the in-progress withdrawal request of theirs because `.transfer` will keep failing.

## Impact
1. Generally multisig wallets are not upgradeable per se, so depositors who require a higher gas limit for their `receive` or `fallback` functions will never be able to recover their ETH back neither during the active nor during the end phases of the `LidoVault`'s lifecycle, if they have ever once requested a variable premature withdrawal of their deposit during the `LidoVault`'s active stage. 
2. This will block the protocol from supporting the integratees in the future too!! Preventing any further integrations with the protocol. But this is a sub-issue.

The main concern is that variable side depositors who are multisig wallet-type actors will lose access to their funds permanently, because they'll never be able to withdraw ETH neither through `withdrawAmountVariablePending` nor through `finalizeVaultOngoingVariableWithdrawals`.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/38dd9c8436db341c331f1b14545770c1766fc0ee/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L656

## Tool used
Manual review and clarification and confirmation with the sponsors. Thank you guys for the great feedback and help during the contest!

## Recommendation
Use `call` instead of `transfer` to unblock contract depositors from receiving their ETH back.

For instance, modify the `withdrawAmountVariablePending` function as follows:
```diff
  /// @notice withdrawal of funds for Variable side
  function withdrawAmountVariablePending() public {
    uint256 amount = variableToPendingWithdrawalAmount[msg.sender];
    variableToPendingWithdrawalAmount[msg.sender] = 0;
-   payable(msg.sender).transfer(amount);
+   (bool success, ) = payable(msg.sender).call{value: amount}("");
+   require(success, "receival of ETH failed on the receiver's behalf");
  }
```

---

P.S. One more clarification with Wang:

> firstly, make sure the sponsor understood your question clearly and you understood their answer, because there was a situation recently where one Watson didn't understand the intended design, submitted an issue and it ended up that the sponsor's reply was imprecise.

> 
> secondly, make sure this broken intended design is sufficient for Medium severity.
> 
> **then, in the report, you can mention that you confirmed with the sponsor what the intended design is, and that it's broken**
> 
> during the judging contest, if this issue is controversial (lots of signals on different outcomes), we will be able to confirm this privately. Or you can share a screenshot of your discussion with the sponsor in the contest chat