Big Viridian Lynx

High

# Uses .transfer instead of .call to push ETH funds to users, permanently locking the rewards for some users

## Summary
During a specific portion of `finalizeVaultOngoingVariableWithdrawals()` the function `withdrawAmountVariablePending()` is called which pushes ETH funds to users with `.transfer()` instead of `.call()`. 

The `.transfer()` gas stipend of 2300 is insufficient for multisig wallet users, or any user that is a smart contract with logic in their receive/fallback which exceeds 2300, like state updates.

Users that are smart contracts or multi-sig wallets can successfully deposit and then request a withdrawal, but will not be able to withdraw any rewards. The system tracks the same user/msg.sender throughout the process, so their rewards are permanently lost.

There are two ways to cash out rewards for vault ongoing variable users. 

1. User does it themselves via `finalizeVaultOngoingVariableWithdrawals()`, no issues here because it uses .call().
2. Protocol fee receiver will first prepare the rewards on behalf of the user via `feeReceiverFinalizeVaultOngoingVariableWithdrawals()`, and then it's expected that the user will call `finalizeVaultOngoingVariableWithdrawals()` to grab the rewards. The issue is in this path because it uses .transfer().

The `protocolFeeReceiver` calls `feeReceiverFinalizeVaultOngoingVariableWithdrawals()` which prepares the users rewards to a non-zero amount in their `variableToPendingWithdrawalAmount` mapping. Then, the user tries to withdraw through `finalizeVaultOngoingVariableWithdrawals()`, which uses `.transfer()` because they have a non-zero prepared amount waiting for them. The transaction will revert when the user (multi-sig, smart contract) requires more than 2300 gas to finish executing their receive/fallback function. Funds are permanently locked with no other ways to withdraw.

## Vulnerability Detail
See Summary.

## Impact
Multisig and smart contract users that can successfully deposit will not be able to withdraw rewards, after requesting a withdraw, that have been prepared by the protocol fee receiver.

## Code Snippet
* Function that uses .transfer(): https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/main/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L653-#L657
* Function that prepares the users amount: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/main/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L649
* Withdraw function that reverts when rewards prepared by protocol fee receiver & user is multi-sig/smart contract: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/main/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L610-#L617

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use `.call()` instead of `.transfer()` during `withdrawAmountVariablePending()`.