Pet Porcelain Sheep

Medium

# Withdrawals can be locked forever if recipient is a contract

## Summary
The `LidoVault` contract uses the `transfer()` function to send ETH to users during the `finalizeVaultOngoingVariableWithdrawals` process. This can lead to permanent locking of funds if the recipient is a contract with a `receive()` or `fallback()` function that requires more than 2300 gas. This is for instance, not enough for Safes implementation which require > 6k gas.


## Vulnerability Detail

In the `withdrawAmountVariablePending()` function, ETH is sent to the user using the `transfer()` method:

```js
function withdrawAmountVariablePending() public {
  uint256 amount = variableToPendingWithdrawalAmount[msg.sender];
  variableToPendingWithdrawalAmount[msg.sender] = 0;
@>  payable(msg.sender).transfer(amount);
}
```

This function is called within `finalizeVaultOngoingVariableWithdrawals()` when there's a pending withdrawal amount.
```js
  function finalizeVaultOngoingVariableWithdrawals() external {
    uint256[] memory requestIds = variableToVaultOngoingWithdrawalRequestIds[msg.sender];
    if(variableToPendingWithdrawalAmount[msg.sender] != 0) {
@>      withdrawAmountVariablePending();
      if(requestIds.length == 0) {
        return;
      }
    }
```
The transfer() function only forwards 2300 gas, which is insufficient for contracts with non-trivial receive() or fallback() functions, such as multi-signature wallets or certain smart contract wallets.


## Impact

If a caller interacts with the vault using a contract account (e.g., a multi-signature wallet like Safe), `finalizeVaultOngoingVariableWithdrawals` will require the caller to be the same address that initiated the withrawal request. 
The transfer requires more than 2300 gas to receive ETH, reach the implementation contract and and emit an event. If the caller also calls `feeReceiverFinalizeVaultOngoingVariableWithdrawals` in order to receive the variable fees, their withdrawals in will fail permanently. This leads to a complete loss of funds for affected users, as they won't be able to retrieve their ETH from the vault. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/38dd9c8436db341c331f1b14545770c1766fc0ee/lido-fiv/contracts/LidoVault.sol#L656
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Replace the use of `transfer()` with a low-level `call()` to send ETH.