Careful Mocha Vulture

Medium

# Reorg Attack Vulnerability in `createVault` Function

## Summary

The `createVault` function within the `VaultFactory.sol` contract is susceptible to blockchain reorganization (reorg) attacks. This vulnerability arises from the usage of OpenZeppelin's `Clones.clone` method, which leverages the `create` opcode for deploying minimal proxy contracts. The non-deterministic nature of the `create` opcode exposes the contract to potential manipulation during blockchain reorgs.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `createVault` function deploys new vault contracts by cloning a master `LidoVault` implementation using OpenZeppelin's `Clones.clone` method. This clone deployment utilizes the `create` opcode, which deterministically generates contract addresses based on the deployer's address and its nonce. Each invocation of `create` increases the nonce, resulting in unique, non-deterministic clone addresses.

In case of a reorg, an attacker can steal user funds by deploying a new vault on the same address as the initial vault.

**An example attack scenario in the above case:**
- **Alice** creates a vault via the factory contract (transaction A)
- **Alice** then deposits tokens into the vault (transaction B)
- A block reorg happens and transaction A is discarded (transaction B still exists)
- Normally transaction B now would revert if executed
- **Bob** deploys himself the vault that initially **Alice** did (via frontrunning) and because of the underlying issue, it is created on the same address as the initial vault. But **Bob** changed the parameters of the vault and set `_fixedSideCapacity` to the exact same value as **Alice**'s deposit transaction, and `_variableSideCapacity` to `0.01 ether` (the minimum allowed) and `duration` to `1` (the minimum allowed).
- **Alice**'s deposit reaches now **Bob**'s vault.
- **Bob** deposits `0.01 ether` on the variable side to start the vault.
- `1` second later the vault ends and **Bob** has successfully extracted the maximum value out of **Alice**'s deposit.

Alternatively, **Bob** could set `duration` to `type(uint256).max` and "trap" **Alice**'s deposit because the early exit fee will be very high for a very long time.

Source: [Blockchain reorgs for Managers and Auditors](https://abarbatei.xyz/blockchain-reorgs-for-managers-and-auditors#heading-protocols-that-require-users-to-create-something-and-then-interact-with-it-in-a-two-step-manner)

## Impact

Theft of user funds in the case of a reorg.

## Code Snippet

[VaultFactory.sol#L113](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/38dd9c8436db341c331f1b14545770c1766fc0ee/lido-fiv/contracts/VaultFactory.sol#L113)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use a deterministic method for vault address generation, such as `create2`, to ensure consistent and predictable contract addresses.