Rich Orchid Meerkat

Medium

# The `VaultFactory` is suspicious to blockchain reorg

## Summary

A block reorg is a situation where multiple miners find valid blocks at the same time, and the network has to decide which block to include in the blockchain.

The `VaultFactory` contract deploys instances of the `LidoVault` contract using the `Clones.clone()` function from Openzeppelin which uses the `CREATE` opcode internally.

<https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-saffron-finance/blob/main/lido-fiv/contracts/VaultFactory.sol#L113>

```solidity
function createVault(
  uint256 _fixedSideCapacity,
  uint256 _duration,
  uint256 _variableSideCapacity
) public virtual {
  // Deploy vault (Note: this does not run constructor)
@>  address vaultAddress = Clones.clone(vaultContract);
```

The address derivation (for the new `LidoVault`) depends on the sender's address (e.g. `VaultFactory`) and its nonce.

The system is intended to be deployed on Ethereum meaning these situations do not occur often but can still happen.

Here is an instance of chain reorg that took place on Ethereum : [click here](https://decrypt.co/101390/ethereum-beacon-chain-blockchain-reorg).

## Vulnerability Detail

In case a chain reorg occurs, a user may find himself depositing ETH on a `LidoVault` that he did not intend to : a vault with different parameters, duration...

Assume the following scenario :

1. Let user A create a vault. The `CREATE` opcode will use the `VaultFactory` nonce (say 5) to deploy the vault at `address(12345)`.

2. Let user B create a vault. The `CREATE` opcode will use the `VaultFactory` nonce (now 6) to deploy the vault at `address(abcde)`.

3. Let user C `deposit()` ETH on vault created by user A, at `address(12345)`. The transaction is validated successfully.

4. Unfortunately, a block reorg occurs which reorganizes the blocks in a way where :
    - user B transaction occurs first : deploying his vault at `address(12345)`
    - user A transaction occurs second : deploying his vault at `address(abcde)`
    - user C still `deposit()` on vault deployed at `address(12345)` which was deployed by user B with a set of parameters different from what user C expected

## Impact

A user may commit his ETH to a system he did not intend to, potentially reducing his return on investment.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use the `Clones.cloneDeterministic()` function from Openzeppelin that uses the `CREATE2` opcode in order to deploy a vault at a deterministic and fixed address instead of the `Clones.clone()` function.

```diff
function createVault(
  uint256 _fixedSideCapacity,
  uint256 _duration,
  uint256 _variableSideCapacity,
+ bytes32 salt
) public virtual {
  // Deploy vault (Note: this does not run constructor)
- address vaultAddress = Clones.clone(vaultContract);
+ address vaultAddress = Clones.cloneDeterministic(vaultContract, salt);
```